come
Misery for the emperor and the queen mother
Everybody get up.
self-made
The emperor is indeed a peerless and beautiful man recognized by the five countries
Every time I see him, I can't control my eyes
Do you want me to say it?
Then the emperor of our country's beautiful men list should be tied for the first master
Don't you forget
The sweetheart of King Qi was once the most talented woman in the capital, Shen Xingyao
The past of the two, Qin Xiao and Mingmingdong, who wouldn't envy the capital?
It's a pity that the so-called No. 1 talented woman in the capital was not only traitorous but also thrown into the cold palace
Now, I can only survive by farming in the cold palace
It was also a fluke that I lost to him in Qin Yi
I've been practicing chess for so long
In order to compete for him again in front of His Royal Highness the King of Qi
King Qi guards the border
Hard work
My family is holding a banquet today
One is to entertain the king of Qi
There is an old queen
The second is to hear that Xu Lingxi, the daughter of Xu Shangshu
Not only good looks
More amicable climax
On the occasion of entertaining King Qi today
invite a meeting
Today, Chen Min prepared a song for the Empress Dowager
It's just that this song needs Qin Xiao's box.
Astronomy, His Royal Highness the King of Qi, Yuxiao Opera is famous and moves the capital
I don't know if I would like to play a song with a little girl